hello everybody be no more one
video in this personal video wants to talk to
You guys about this new game of
launched is to fill 10 igp-10 in one
play similar to the run that the
a little different graphics let's go here
I was testing for you
What does he ask you to connect to?
facebook such then download a little
here is not much and here are some of your
goals that only a kind time
hansel stanford is this style of play
in this mission and that he is speaking to
I want to receive notifications and while
let's not play which is the main is there and
because the chart is running away from the
politics they will put so here
You have to lower you jump and
collecting coins
There are some things that make it more
quick talk here you could not have
hit it here has none of
Help is not for you to use.
let's go again here willow did not have time
to divert
there again
run again
if you want to hit the red books and
gil you lose a multiplication is that the
game is multiplying here and left
the fastest game and did not give
to be to the rescue that only you do not
continues in the eighth game is free is
similar to most of the same is always
we went a bit graphics then you
like this style of play
I advise you to download the from 10
this is the one that best meets leaving the
free game in the prehistory okay
staff if you liked rio de janeiro
video, sign up for the channel if it is not
subscribed favorite if you liked
do not forget to evaluate the
video leaves your comments such is
when the winners on facebook
facebook.com steal and france 7 follow me
on twitter twitter.com ba rodrigo batata
I hug you all and see you next time.